# dataset-indicspeech-2022
This repository contains sample speech datasets for 11 Indic languages for training Automatic Speech Recognition models. Email givework@karya.in for the full dataset of Indic speech.

## Contents

This dataset consists of sample speech datasets for 11 Indic languages. Each language has two kinds of datasets: dictation-based and voice commands.The datasets are balanced in terms of sex as well as regional variants of the language. All audio is in wav format. The repository contains the following files:

1. `README.md` - This file.

1. `{lang}/{dataset_type}/Format.txt` - Explains the audio format and the file naming strategy used.

2. `{lang}/{dataset_type}/LICENSE.txt` - The full text of the license under which this dataset is released.

3. `COPYRIGHT.txt` - Copyright for the dataset.

4. `{lang}/{dataset_type}/wav` - Subdirectory that contains the audio files in wav format.

5. `{lang}/{dataset_type}/utt2spk` - Contains the mapping of utterance IDs to speaker IDs.

6. `{lang}/{dataset_type}/spk2utt` - Contains the mapping of speaker IDs to utterance IDs.

7. `{lang}/{dataset_type}/text` - Contains the utterance ID and its corresponding transcription.

8. `{lang}/{dataset_type}/wav.scp` - Contains the utterance ID and its corresponding audio file path.

## Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike-FreeSoftware (BY-NC-SA-FS) 1.0

This license allows reusers to distribute, remix, adapt, build upon, and incorporate into software systems, the material in any medium or format for _noncommercial purposes only_, and only so long as attribution is given to the creator. If you remix, adapt, build upon, or incorporate into software systems, you must license the modified material, including material generated by the software system, under identical terms, and license the software system under the GNU General Public License.

BY-NC-SA-FS includes the following elements:

- BY – Credit must be given to the creator
- NC – Only noncommercial uses of the work are permitted
- SA – Adaptations must be shared under the same terms
- FS – Incorporating software must be shared under the GNU General Public License

> This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.
>
> ## You are free to:
>
> **Share** — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format
>
> **Adapt** — remix, transform, and build upon the material
>
> **Incorporate** — provide the material to a software system
>
> The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.
>
> ## Under the following terms:
>
> **Attribution** — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
>
> **NonCommercial** — You may not use the material for commercial purposes.
>
> **ShareAlike** — If you remix, transform, build upon the material, or generate new material using software that incorporates the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.
>
> **FreeSoftware** — If you incorporate the material into a software system, you must license the software under the GNU General Public License.
>
> No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.
>
> ## Notices:
>
> You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.
>
> No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.